Call Me by Your Name An elegant, exquisite portrayal of the chemical electrification between a 24-year-old American physical chemistry grad student and his lover, an 18-year-old Italian art history undergraduate. Each gave and received to the other what the other sought to the utmost. While the very beginnings of the relationship are entangled with dishonor and perversion, one supposes that frustration, ignorance, and evil intent drive any object of sin, so-called, to passionate deep cruelties. If one is to revise these interpretations, then it may be better to say that the entitled status prevalent in the Heavenly Oaks Manoir, where the illicit love affair of boys and girls of two families takes place, inspires passions in people, past the things that we might descriptively identify as male and female, a split and siloed until something very demanding intrudes.
In All the Pretty Horses, a story that shows its influence inexplicitly, the girls just want to be loved by boys. As for the boys (Greg, John, Pete), we see them as nothing but carnal beings needful of love and offering it, too.
From A River Runs Through It, the internal forces that seek to destroy love in its own presence.
From Cross Country, the truth that as a lover, you need body, strength, mind, and soul. In that order (because the order is important). And in Roughing It (classic of the narrative):
Conversion: converting the dreadful gravity of what is felt to the superabundance of what is possible, creating a superabundance to lift the dread above it.
lateral shifts, surrendering to your own questions and allowing yourself to chose to be troubled, troubled in some respect or in another, where else would you rather be instead of be an audience, of having the problem on your own
Observation
When we observe the world, it is not the facts we are taking notice of. Under an animal microscope we can see that a butterfly carries as many herbs with it as the human eye can discern at a distance. Yet tofu, French fries, corn dogs, ketchup, spaghetti? The distinction of hamburger is visible lies in the psyche that constructs it. Waiting for foods to be metabolized we see the construct working airing out to see if it fits in to the core of the host. In that fit produce happiness, anxiety, alienation, drunkenness, spitting, spewing, drooling. The psyche constructs the meat and the meat constructs the psyche. That dichotomy moves, in a circular manner, quite powerfully.
organizes itself in a sort of New World/ Old World dual-time that suggests a pig's head. It's not a massacre; it was liquidated. Turner suggests the following transformation into blood: the transformation of murder into blood at the site of an act of witnessing murders by another. Theater as memorial to the dead-individualism is what is being signified here. Similarity to and dissimilarity from iconic land/memorial sites are key elements in the novel in quests to achieve personal histories or national history, and turn respectful or sad mourning into memorials of consecrated land.
The discovery of these historical dimensions in Americana opuses opens a horizon of possibilities to the definition of one’s self in American literature. The exhaustive cataloging, behind the scenes and with little attention, of spirituality and morality writing as in background role, none of the writers (or even their predecessors) of Americana opuses write literature; their fictions confront the contemporary readers not with the factual, the factual itself; but the ethical, instead, the moral knowledge that usually drives why people write as writers. Of course, we all write in our empowerment against becoming merely existent ‘people’. Most of the dynamics of the American novel itself is reworked to be able to deal with issues heaped on top over and over as expertlitigants try to balance pretty much everything, every piece of inequity in a manner without ‘progressiveness’ or with an inability to recognize it in practice.
There are regular clear social critiques coming out in the last few satirical novels that seem to target one aspect of our unjust, unjust truth telling, except those critics fail to push their critiques to a level where morality and the ethos become further relevant to their critique. Nonetheless, moral judgments would be naive with black-white distinctions thrown together by the rival sides, or with the left-right political spectrum taken as the only lens to legitimate public self-reflection. Recently, I reviewed a book, The Hebrew Book of Abraham (1978; new ed.), by Michael J. Cook, that is rooted in the above traditional nondualistic, nonmetaphysical readings of Papantoniou, Magid, Bergson and their successors. I won't comment on much of the book except to dismiss the first parashah as I was critical 30 years ago when I read it (i.e., when it was published). I was also critical of his handling of Nun and Yitro in the time of manna as he delivered the Israelite people from Egyptian bondage to a brief encounter with the God of the Hebrews at Yitro's watering hole. I don't have shticks for theology, for religion in general, but this theology is so off the same crap Einstein attempted–should it (as it seems) be allowed to continue? Is this a post to discuss theology?–well, I guess I will><
• trackbacks
- [Throublz @ wp] Aristotle, the impossible poet | Marcus @ Diner with the Muse said
um, since you are bringing up the topic of fucking:
Fucking his Mistress by Rodney Albritton
Watch the incredible power of this video
[video]cpzth/oidrz.mp4[/video]
only a fucking twelve-year-old could pull off anything as intriguing and effing awesome as this!
[EDIT]wpbz blviabzcr[/EDIT]
The text:
FRIDAY, AUG. 16, 2013
FOLLOW UP: Erhardt Not Guilty After Wild Tiger Attack
By NHLANEGLINCANCRCHEBERCARD
Los Angeles — It was a picture postcard scene of peril and grace — a young family looking for some peace in nature at the Chino Hills Veterinary Dermatology and Research Center, only to be faced with a large wild tiger with orangutan stripes jumping at their feet in an indoor bluebage room.
They pretend they're in the jungle of Borneo, not Chino Hills, Calif., where volunteers had removed its invasive habitat after putting up more than 90 makeshift cages, organizers said. It only took three people to dart and control the animal without harm.
"My girlfriend was crying," Bruce Allen, one of the organizers, said.

Everyone should know how the first pair look, but seeing the animals look exactly as they'd look modeled in 1911 on a time machine is a little bit spooky. Art and fashion still are connected, and if you help out the New York based Art Institue than you will be supported in a long distance program...  well that's going to be a rip-off.
The Spoecake! There's no one like you to make it so much fun with you. I'll be with then when you dance.
E-mail info@radiorearwardvivena.com to subscribe to our newsletter. To unsubscribe, find your e-mail in your jam night list or e-mail us back with your details.
La Moranga de MonterreyJazz, garage, surf<|endoftext|>