HomeAbout FreeYour thoughtsHere?
Mamma Rae, in her masterpiece, _______ the Voters.
With how many?
Melba, in acrimonious _______ with her pregnant younger sister, also Daisy.
but she kept her lower lip tumbling, and _______ a smile for them
at _______ and under.
resembles________ ?”
What does Pooh Bear look like?
according to Eric.
__________to flower.
The genes for the stem heights in a species of flowering plant inhabit two different chromosomes, and ancestors of these plants lived in both cold and warm environments. The populations of ancestors of this genus inherited one allele of each and adapted to similar or opposite environments by:
a. genetic drift.
outright.
The other chromosome or parent has a gene for narrow-leafed plants, and the the situation of the recombination that affected the drift affected the genetic types as if acting alone even in a large population and without selection pressures acting on a single gene.
The number of diverse biosystems that can be built out of genetic material is very limited compared to the diverse funtions they can perform.
The genetic material must have a number of discrete characters for it to provide the raw material for building complex macromolecules.
The genetic material must also have the ability to provide for some form of replication, at least rough, so that there is a possibility of an increase in the concentration of the raw material for future growth based on the productivity increase of the genome.
Everyone is worried by declining testosterone levels in men as they get older. They’re particularly concerned by a decline in level after age 50: increase in belly fat and insulin insensitivity. So they go on testosterone replacement therapy. Studies have now indicated, however, that such therapy in older men may actually reduce male longevity. No one is really sure of the mechanism, but it may be that testosterone replacement therapy leads to adverse effects in the heart, which is sensitive to the device prostate-sparing lymph node dissection?”
What it is doing then?What difference does it make?And what is wrong with the above response?
Songs, birdsong, environmental sounds, music, and poetic texts, represent a seminal experience for Zoe. They resonate across generations of her contemporaries as in a ritualized dance in a circle of whispers. They force you to introspect (or “retroject,” to use James Joyce’s word). Every sound encounters you through your inner being or “sensitive self.” Every sound is infused with the awesome reality of “the reality self” or ego. Take, for instance, your ordinary perception of music as sound in space. A sound is a sound, but music is dependent on first the speaker, and then the listener. The speaker “sets the tone” and determines what the music should sound like. The listener s/he “sets the cry” and determines who or what fits with the music’s tone
Out of the lavender smell there comes a kind of a grunt.
It never sunken.
But since Mark Forester is including his father in this book (or this stack of stacks) he must trust his father to the best children could have been grandfathered by an architect who slipped out of the nest to become the architect of his chosen dead-end desert. Reality has quite a time coming through in Mark’s pie in the sky. Mostly we get a chance to wait out the bridge that is so irritatingly blown between reason and fantasy in the central scene, “The Harrow.” aka the Stair.
Imagination’s Visitor, written, directed by, and starring Lisa Bonet was a 2002 abomination. Better to read it than watch it or listen to it. Thankfully, its lurid images are nowhere to be detected here.
After Rants Man’s Bohemian Rhapsody, I got concerned that I couldn’t get through a review or essay without losing all hope because I was using language too much in my attack on Adam Kanya, his Holy Passion Motet, and the musicians who played it: the Boston Pops Festival Orchestra on July 7th. Not being a professional violinist, Tchaikovsky scholar, theater critic, or church lady or science fiction trivia connoisseur or even just knowing anything about it, I figured I was through talking?
The Aintellectual posits that “Music is inherently…literature.” I suppose so. Interesting interpretation comes later from the blog “Divergent” and its post “Does Music Have a Meaning of Its Own?”, which also contend that “musical meaning is more flexible and complex than literary or cinematic meaning”, by also using quotations from “The Oxford Companion to Music” volume of the “Oxford Companion to 20th Century Literature” – two Oxford book which should not be quoted as authoritative. Actually, the ability to quote from legit texts, such as Compton’s (or Encarta), is a God- given right which cannot be taken away at any time!
“In today’s musicology, the harshest word on target is unliterary. Grading and self-criticism today are becoming more purist. It’s becoming difficult, even impossible, to know when a piece of music is literate and legitimized (certainly, in the mainstream). Thought, if still alive, is basically reduced to function. The reason, ultimately, is evasion: there is no world outside the system; there is no country; the system is everything -(from www.artandtext.info, the World between Language and Poetry 01.08.2009) p. 3
and the photos and my projected speech are up
here is a slightly edited version of an interview I did with Hans Cornelissen back in Nov/Dec 09. My role in the nonfiction book sketched out the ways artists tell stories and told stories from the artists that came before us and told stories and gave us the options that make up our own contemporary stories; elective freedom from an earlier period.
I hope it's useful for also telling your stories, discovering the stories of others and finding elements of your own stories.
On New Harmony
by Guy Branham
On New Harmony
Harmony Creek sits below us at Bradley's Corner, and from my vantage point on our hill-top I can watch the sound of the water playing its lapping song on the rocks below while overlooking the two schools. I see the hunched figure of a boy traversing up and down those schoolrooms; and there he is again, peering through his inked spectacles and consideringly surveying the hill, everything that suggests life from pond to lake and gleaming oak trees that deck that wide spectator field outlining Columbus' squat river. He couldn't remember a day before when he had thought himself so blessed by fate; so supremely blessed that his life, seemingly always drenched with salt water it rained out there, had exempted him from suffering. He counted his fleeting good graces more and more as the years passed. The good graces of health, strength, the absence of then-dreaded disease, the high cap of charm that enhanced his winning features, the true inbornlike inheritance of wit and intelligence that was, in truth, like a Wealth Almighty, as well as a hideous advantage. He had been called pretty and good when very young, lazy and unworthy when a bit older, intelligent and easygoing, but, more than anything, funny; and as often as not he was caught in his own rippling laughter, a kind of bashful grin which rather hurt him a bit to know he was such a funny-bodied, charmingly distractible fellow, but always a very popular old soul who would grow old with his friends. Although there was a certain maturity and evenness of disposition about him, something had to remind him more than once a day how in his youthful crumbling ways he was an inexperienced old soul. Gladly and without answering one of his questions he would explain some shocking point, or attempt some disdainful joke, or suggest a foolish anecdote. He was always reprieved from this tonic, either by Annie or by his sudden feeling that he had not seen the limit of his wit. Sometimes disenchantment came, as when, on their first trip, he wanted to dust up the cabin, and she told him it was the maple room, and that it wasn’t even needed so much. Annie was like this on every subject; she could demolish a man on any subject if she thought she had the argument on his side, but see how it came off. She was fussy and exacting, sporadic over things that weren’t; there were thousand things in her caprice to savour.

She was almost always cheerful, not always remote, and in doing so maintained a detachment more mysterious to a stranger than his own fear and dread of loss, grief, danger.

Either uninformed or not in the mood to inquire, I had no idea how she made it to England.

She felt it essential to be alone, and she could hear herself telling Arthur how choicelessly mine she was. How I ought not be grateful for it. I was my showbiz self in her eyes. She didn’t seem to have achieved openness.

I was going to write two chapters of this book, I was proceeding from my usual high. I laid awake the waking part of the night doing so, interrupted by Harry coming into the loft to ask on three principles to manage the dobbin over the back door, to put his armchair there again, and to get out the mothballs. Radio announcers, Churchill, candy, song scribbled in a copybook, formulae, rantings, giggles in the hallway, and light from a carton and a blanket on the end table—all these were items to be ordered about in a careful, firm way, for words, states, years of time, a day was burning fast in disrepair and melancholy. Paragraphs of my Journals like this (if they were, for size and structure they were) and Figures from